So we're going to go ahead and create
a Hello World Lambda function inside of AWS Cloud9.
I'm going go to this icon here and this icon is actually a Lambda icon.
It says create a new Lambda function.
So I go through here,
I create a new Lambda function,
and we'll just call this hello,
and we'll call this helloudacity.
It's going to create a function name and an application name.
In this next section,
I can decide whether I want to do JavaScript or Python.
I'm going to go ahead and pick Python 3.6,
I'm going to pick a template here that says hello-world-python 3.
There we go and I have two options.
I can do a function trigger that does basically
nothing and I can just execute it without an API,
or I can choose API gateway.
API Gateway basically turns it into
a full web service that underneath the hood is just running Python function.
I'm going to say no, and just say no function trigger,
and then here's these two options;
one is that I can choose the default memory which is most of the time fine,
or I also can give it more advanced privileges.
In this case because it's a hello world function,
I'm not going to give it more privileges but you could go and
allow it to let's say access a relational database,
or access the S3 file system or do
something that's very AWS specific and this is where you do that.
So I'm going to let it auto-generated role.
There we go. My serverless application is ready,
and I say finish.
This takes just one second and you can see
now I have this helloudacity folder here,
and if I go ahead and I click here,
I can see that it created this example function for me.
So let's go ahead and actually make it even simpler.
This is too complex.
I don't want this,
I'm going to take all this out,
and I'm going to take out this line of code and the only thing I really care about,
is I actually want to process
an event and I want to actually do something with that event it.
So I'm going to add a line here that just says print,
and I'm going to add a statement that says this was my event,
and then I will put in the event inside of
this F-String and then I will turn back the same event.
All right. We have basically two line function here,
and then I'm going to take this out here as well.
I don't want that in there,
and we have a very small Lambda function.
I also don't need this JSON.
In this case, I can just have this few lines of code here.
So this is telling me actually that there's some invalid syntax.
So one of the things that we can do to fix that is that I can go
ahead and tell this editor that I am using Python 3.
So I'm going to go to this gear menu
here and I'm going to scroll down here to Python support,
and I'm going to look and see up.
It says it thinks it's Python 2 for the syntax highlighting.
I'm going to change it to Python 3.
I go ahead and close it,
and now you'll see that this will go away.
So next what I'm going to do is I'm going
to go ahead and run this Lambda function.
So there's a run icon right here,
I click on the run, and now I can set it a payload.
This payload is really just like a dictionary.
So I'm going to go through here and say events from terminal,
and then I'll put it in something pie.
There's my event, I go ahead and run it,
and what's it's going to do is it's going to pass
this payload back into this Lambda function.
You can see the response was exactly what I passed
in a bit from terminal and high,
and then I go through here and I have a log,
and this is the function log.
It says, this was my event and it was this line of code.
So you can see it's really just a couple lines of code.
You can do some really powerful things,
and now I actually have this function that I tested locally.